[Marketplace Contribution] Securonix - Content Pack Update (#18664)
demisto/content: Packs/Securonix/ReleaseNotes/1_2_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Securonix

> -Minor code change related to tenant
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.1.26972*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the *tenant* header in the REST API requests.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.4.28442*.
```
